Let us write our first program in C++ Here I'll start Xcode,  create a new project in Xcode and
select this option that command line tool.
Then you have to mention some project name that is first is the project name and the language selected
is C++.
There are other options also available to select C++ then next.
So where is supposed to created that so you can set the path here wherever you want to create your project
say create.
Here are the project files so click on main.cpp you can see that readymade code is given.
So it has already generated a piece of code that is executable code.
Here are a few comments here  i will remove them i will  remove these panels here.
See this command line arguments.
These are optional in C++.
I would just remove these command line arguments, we will study about these After some time.
So here is readily available the hello world program I run this.
Let us see what you get.
Here's an output window.
Yeah.
Hello world.
The output is given here.
Here a std scope resolution is used for accessing C out.
So instead of this we can also mention 'using namespace' using namespace std.
No I don't have to use a std for using C out object let us run this and check once again that's it.
So that is working.
the same program I will just modify for adding two numbers.
I'll remove these lines and I will write on the code here for adding two numbers.
I'll declare a few variables in digit A B and C..
So you can see there's a pronting here .
If there is an error in the statements, cout
enter two numbers, then cin a and B then, C assign a plus b, c out sum is and give some space and c.
So this a program for picking two numbers from keyboard and adding them and displaying the result.
So these two lines are for taking input from the user.
These two lines are interactive as it is giving a message to the user informing him to give two numbers
then adding two numbers and finding sum and displaying sum here.
Let's run this.
Now here is a message enter two numbers,  10 and 30.
Now here the sum is 40.
I should write endl.
So that last message should come in the next line endl then let me answer.
enter two numbers 10 and 30.
So now this program ended with the exit code zero that is coming in the next line.
So some is 40.
That's it.
So let me modify the same program and make it as a program for taking the user name and displaying
a welcome message.
So a string ever built in class available in C++ library that is a std iostream and we can access in
the name space.
The std here will give a message cout "may I know you name"
then cin 'name'.
So str is a variable name.
Then cout.
'Hello' a space here.
So that space is there in between hello and name of a user. i will run the program.
May I know your name.
Let's say the name is John.
So "hello John" its working.
I run it once more.
I'll give the name sai kumar.
Let us see what happens.
its giving just sai he's not giving the other name because the name is having two words here.
It's really only one word.
If you want to read all the words entered in a string then the right method is there is a function
available called Get line, get line takes input stream that is cin and next is string variable, string
object.
Now let us read it using getline this is the method for an entire line from the keyboard.
"May I know your name" so 'Sai Kumar' now i got a full name Sai Kumar  that's it.
So this is a way you can access the strings whenever required is a biuld in object available in C++
and is very useful object.